- Copy that, Mr. Yüksel.
- Okay.
All right.
You wait here. I'll be back.
- Careful.
- They're here.
What the…
That motherfucker got the money!
Son of a bitch! And he laughed in my face!
ISTANBUL FIRE DEPARTMENT
10 DAYS OF A CURIOUS MAN
Where are you, Auntie Fatma?
"Hi, Sadık Adil Öcal."
"We've evaluated the manuscript
you sent to our publishing house."
"Your novel more resembles an essay
and fails to convey
any emotion or thrill to the reader."
"The text also has trouble
keeping the reader's curiosity engaged."
"We find that the story
suffers from frequent gaps
in terms of events and mystery elements."
"Also, we feel that the plot is weak."
"Please remember
it is important to character development
that they keep
evolving throughout a story."
"Due to the above shortcomings,
your manuscript has been
deemed not suitable for publication."
"Best wishes, Deniz Gökyaylı."
Smart-ass.
So…
Auntie Fatma's not here to feed you?
Maybe her name is Ayşe, not Fatma.
How should I know?
DAY 1
Oh, you mean Şaziye. Come with me.
- She lives across the street, at 16.
- There?
Yes.
Look at all this water.
Last night was the third house fire
in the last six months.
They declare these houses historical sites
and then no one can fix them up.
At this rate,
Balat will burn to the ground.
Thanks.
Tell Şaziye that I ran out of pages.
She'll know what I mean.
They're wooden. Easy to burn down.
Don't talk all at once!
You wanted this job.
No one thought you'd be any good at it,
and you're proving them right!
Brother, I'll file
a complaint as your mukhtar.
They need to investigate.
Right, that's what
I've been talking about all this time!
That's not true!
Get the police here, find out
who's setting these damn fires!
He's a weasel, but nothing's
gonna happen if we all yell at him.
You think I don't know that?
You're just gonna have to be patient!
Auntie Şaziye?
How are you?
I got your address from Hayri the grocer.
He's sending debt collectors now?
Tell that bandit
I'll pay him when I have money.
Oh, no, I'm not here for money.
I live over by the fountain.
I see you every morning feeding the cats.
I haven't seen you for two days.
I wanted to check in.
I was worried.
Mutema didn't bring any new bags of food.
She is the one to ask.
Hey! Shoo! Get the fuck out of here!
No food for you!
You know how much a bag costs?
Who am I, King Croesus?
So, this Mutema,
why hasn't she brought,
you know, any more food?
Does she have COVID or something?
She was killed.
What?
Hey, shoo! Get out of here, you mutt!
What makes you think something like that?
She used to come here once a week,
play some music, then leave.
- What day is it?
- It's Wednesday, April 1st.
Good one, Şaziye.
That's an April Fool's joke, right?
"She was killed."
What joke?
She last came a week ago Tuesday.
One bag lasts only two weeks.
The only way she'd let those cats starve
is if that girl was dead.
Go, check it out if you like.
See if there is new food there.
Don't do it. Don't get curious.
Don't interfere. Stay out of it. Don't.
GÜZİN
BEAUTY CONSULTANT
APHRODITE BEAUTY CLINIC
ADDRESS
ÇINAR SOKAK. NO. 71
- Who are you?
You are coughing like crazy.
Put on your mask!
Ahmet.
- Şaziye is my grandma.
- Oh.
Well…
I'm here for the cat food.
Şaziye told me to come get it.
Ahmet? Your grandmother
told me that Mutema was killed.
Grandma told me
to come and get her keys back.
And her name is not Mutema. It's Mutena.
Well, if she wasn't killed,
why does your grandma say so?
Something happened? Did she see something?
Grandma is senile.
Leave the keys before you go.
Okay.
Right. It's time
for the traitor to confess her love.
Here we go.
Sadık, good morning.
I've been counting
since I came to Istanbul,
and this is my 442nd call.
Why don't you get it?
Part of me wanted to stay with you,
the other part wanted to run away.
For the thousandth time, I love you.
But Eskişehir wasn't for me.
Besides, I didn't leave you.
You just didn't want to come with me.
Anyway, here's the news of the day.
It's pretty hot in here.
And the pandemic is freaking scary.
Have you read the news about
Buket and Gülhan in the papers?
Someone's really obsessed with them.
Well, that's all from me.
I'll send you some new photos soon.
Mutena, are you really dead?
Listen to me.
You'd better get home before it's dark.
The cats around here can eat you alive.
Adil?
I've missed you so much!
Adil, aren't you excited to see me?
Come on, be happy!
Did you get a doggie? So cute.
Don't stand there, bring those inside.
Your grandma left you
nothing but this old house?
How can you live here?
You need to answer me first.
What are doing here?
I got a job offer for a TV show.
In fact, I'm getting
a co-producer credit on the first episode.
- What?
- Do you have any booze?
Where did you get production money?
I sold my share at the hotel
to Cousin Remzi.
You don't own any share!
It's all Zeynel's and Hüso's.
And that man is not your cousin.
He's an opportunist!
Does that even matter?
Rıza's cousin or mine, same thing.
Sweetheart, are you still mad at me?
The man you thought was your husband
is the man you divorced 20 years ago.
How was I supposed to know?
I thought I remarried Rıza.
For God's sake, tell me, Adil,
how could a man haunt the dreams
of the woman he divorced,
every night for ten years? That's insane!
Listen, Meral,
there's only one bed in this house.
This is not a place for a woman like you.
But there are rules. Rules.
Let me ask you this.
Did you tell Pınar I'm here?
No. But you know what?
If she finds out you've been in Istanbul
for four months, she'll kill us both.
Okay. Fine. But if you're staying here…
One, no drinking.
Two, you won't call Pınar
and tell her I'm here.
Yes, my commander.
But don't be mad at Pınar.
She hasn't touched a man
in eight months. I swear.
She's madly in love with you.
That's why she ran away
the first chance she got.
"A woman who grew up
on a street with no name in Balat
brings bags of food
for the stray cats and dogs
and pays an old woman to feed them."
"This woman of 25
has been missing for 16 days."
"Some fear she was murdered."
"She has an unusual name, Mutena."
Give me that.
This is so exciting. I love mysteries.
- Are you writing a TV show?
- A mystery story.
Very good.
Meral, let me ask you something.
Am I a nosy person?
I think the better word for you is
a wacko.
Anyway, bring the bags up here.
It stinks in here.
Is it mildew or what? It beats me.
Come on!
DAY 2
You won't do it?
Listen to me.
If you think you are too posh
to do it just anywhere,
you're in for constipation.
Fine, suit yourself. We're going home.
Come.
Are you here?
Right.
The mystery ends here.
Well, Ms. Editor, there goes
the element of intrigue and buildup
before we get to the first plot twist.
But I tried. What more I can do?
The clinic is closed.
The government shut it because of COVID.
No massage for you.
I was looking for a person who works here.
Her name is Güzin.
Or should I call her Mutena?
- Who's looking for her?
- Let's say it's someone curious.
Well, curiosity comes at a price.
Oh.
She hasn't come to work for 15 days.
But for 500,
I can tell you how to find Mete.
- Her car-salesman boyfriend.
- For 500?
No, he wasn't a salesman.
They called him "Metelik."
He mostly ran errands.
But he got sacked two weeks ago.
I think he stole a car for a joyride.
Oh no. How am I going to find the guy now?
Heard he's selling water
at the traffic lights in Karaköy.
- Really?
- Why do you ask?
- He owes you money too?
- No.
Mine is a literary issue. Thanks.
Water! Water, anyone? Water!
Sir, water?
- Business looks slow.
- This fucking pandemic.
I put this on, still no buyers.
Thanks, brother.
You need something, bro?
Yeah, some information about Mutena.
We've been worried.
- By "we," you mean you and…
- My grandma.
Mutena is our upstairs neighbor in Balat.
She'd drop off cat food
every now and then.
My grandma is into this stuff.
She feeds the animals with the food.
Mutena hasn't been around lately.
Grandma is worried.
She asked me to check around,
make sure nothing's happened.
We are worried.
I went to the clinic where she worked,
someone there sent me
to the car dealership,
and they sent me here.
I haven't seen her for two weeks either.
Anyway, back to work.
Got lots of water to sell.
Wait, I'm thirsty too.
I can drink the whole box.
- It's a 12-bottle box.
- Okay, how much?
One fifty, they're yours.
Take this.
- Shall I go get the change?
- No, you can keep it.
- Are you hungry, bro?
- Sure.
Come with me.
- Wait, let me help.
- Thanks.
- You don't know Muti, do you?
- No.
I call her "Muti."
Listen, if you
intend to do any harm to her…
- Not at all.
- Good.
Anyone who intends to harm her
has to go through me first.
Tell me this,
is Muti in the massage business?
- No, why?
- It's what I heard.
- Do you use social media, bro?
- No.
Here, look.
Muti rocking the social media.
Her alias is "Burn This World."
Don't be fooled by her cheerful videos.
She's a little wacko just like you and me.
You know the story,
drunk dad and crazy mom.
One day, she and I
will move to Kaş together.
We haven't been further than Pendik yet,
but that's still the dream.
So, it's been two weeks
since you last saw her?
Yeah, it's been 15 days or so.
Since the day she went
to that job interview.
I was an agency
called Okaliptus in Ataşehir.
She was excited about that job.
Said she'd get Burn This World
to another platform, be famous,
and buy a cool sports car.
I guess the offer wasn't that good.
She was upset about that.
Then she stopped answering her phone.
I called her a few times.
She told me
she'd been staying at the studio,
but it turns out
she was there in your neighborhood.
I see. All right.
Why didn't you go to the police
and file a missing person report?
Are you nuts?
Do the cops care about people like us?
If I show them her videos,
they'll arrest her for prostitution.
You're right.
- Has she ever had a stalker?
- No.
- I've gotta get back to work, bro.
- Sure.
Send me a photo of Muti!
- You got my number, right?
- I did.
All right.
Note to the editor,
the mystery is not over yet.
Deniz Gökyaylı, I don't know
how the plot can be improved,
but A, Metelik is a character,
not a stereotype, and B,
we are at our first plot twist.
Adil? A woman came by
and asked for the doggy,
said the dog was hers and took it away.
But a few minutes later,
I found your mutt wandering
like a lost child around the fountain.
So I brought it back home.
Stupid woman!
She left the poor dog behind.
You'd better bring a leash home.
And get a light bulb.
And a new mask for me.
That mutt tore mine while playing.
I'm so screwed!
Yes. Her alias is Burn This World.
Yes.
Fifteen days ago.
Her agent, Mr. Öcal, is with me here.
I got it, okay. I'll let him know.
Thank you.
Mr. Şinasi says
he didn't conduct such an interview.
It doesn't show in his appointment logs.
Okay. Thanks. Have a nice day.
You too.
- Where've you been all day?
- What's this? Give me that.
- I found it under the pillow.
- Give me that. Jeez.
I had that poor guy
in the palm of my hand.
I talked him into five masks
at ten liras apiece.
Luckily, Şermin came,
and she took me to the supermarket.
- Who's Şermin?
- The owner of the mutt.
Your socialite of a dog
turns out to be named Çiko.
I don't think it suits her, but whatever…
You took a stranger into my home.
Had drinks with her, right?
Violation of the first rule.
Did you violate the second?
Did you call Pınar?
- Meral, no.
- She called me.
Did you give her the address? Did you?
The door. Şermin is here to get Çiko.
Wait! It's Pınar. I know, Pınar is here.
You, motherfucker! I'm gonna fuck you up.
DAY 3
Adil, my dear, are you awake?
What the hell happened to me? Where am I?
In the hospital. Don't you remember, dear?
They beat you up, son.
Pretty badly, too, I might add.
The shorter one was Şermin's husband.
Why didn't they beat you up?
Because she's not the one fucking Şermin.
You are, Mr. Sadık Adil.
And then there's this girl
in these videos. Mutena.
You are fast!
Good job, two girls in four months.
Couldn't help calling her, right?
Adil, those men had you on the ground,
they were stomping on you,
and our girl swooped in
like a bolt of lightning.
I'll fuck you up!
You lunatic! Let him go!
Stop it!
I don't know when
she saw the gun and picked it up.
And then Pınar had
the presence of mind to call Gülhan.
And we brought you here.
Those guys did a pretty good job.
A lot of damage to the face,
but the body is intact.
When the niece called,
my buddy and I rushed here from Eskişehir.
It took three hours and 50 minutes.
Although, if we had taken the train…
But first, let us deal with
this beating incident.
Hüso. There's nothing to deal with.
It's a misunderstanding.
They must’ve mistaken me
with someone else. Leave!
Well, sir, the niece had told us
we could stay at your place.
What do we do?
Is that a wig?
No. It's my own hair.
Transplant… I mean, transplanted from me.
He had it done
with his share of the money.
He looks younger.
You'll get used to it in a few days.
I won't be seeing any of you that long.
There's only one bed in the house.
You can't go back there,
Casanova of Balat.
I'd leave you on the street,
but the doctor said you need care.
You and Meral will stay at my place.
Come on, everybody out!
Doctors will arrive soon to decide
if this playboy can be discharged.
Brother, get well soon.
Gülhan asked for you
to drop by before you leave.
Are you in charge here?
Giving orders left and right.
I work in PR at Köseoğlu Group.
I'm studying for
the college entrance exam.
Good for you.
Sadık, aren't you happy for me?
Wasn't it you who said,
"Think. Improve yourself."
"Seek nothing from others."
I wouldn't have graduated high school
if I stayed in Eskişehir.
Because you were there.
Hey, say something!
Where is Gülhan?
Hope you are well.
They told me you're fine.
They initially thought
it could be a concussion.
Oh, no.
I have a thick skull.
I'm just a little sore.
- But no painkillers this time.
- Nope.
Lately, I can't commit to anything.
Including drugs. See this?
How's Buket?
She abandoned us.
Me and our daughter.
Her sick sister. All of us.
Filiz?
Is she sick?
Is it bad?
Oh God.
So Buket was overwhelmed
by all those stories in the papers, right?
I think we were both exhausted.
She just realized it before I did.
Hey, Chief.
Cops came to the house
about the disturbance last night.
There's a complaint against you.
They're looking for you.
If you ask me, don't go
to the police with that face, though.
You see, Sadık Adil,
you can't go back to Balat.
The cuckolded husband
and the police are after you.
How long does this meat
need to stay like this?
Meral said two hours.
It will be cooked by then.
People can't afford to eat it,
we put it on our eyes. Luxury.
Look at you, a good job, a nice apartment.
Why do you still want me?
Don't you get it? I love you!
You don't leave people you love.
In love, your happiness
relies on the other person.
So your unhappiness is multiplied by two.
Such a smooth talker.
I loved you more when you were a good man.
- I hate it when you're a bad man!
- I'm a curious man now.
But keep thinking I'm a bad man.
- I need something from you.
- What?
There's a media company
called Okaliptus Agency.
Make an appointment with them.
- Why?
- Why do you think?
To rectify the public opinion
about KS Group and Ms. Gülhan.
There are literary reasons too.
I need to improve the plot.
Look at this view!
An elite neighborhood, a beautiful house…
KS Group is amazing.
I wonder if they sponsor TV shows too.
Don't get used to this.
Zeynel, go to the police in the morning.
Find out what this complaint is about.
Hüso, come back here tomorrow
and keep an eye on Meral.
She's found another conman
and will lose the rest of her money.
And don't get too attached to Pinar.
We're leaving town
as soon as we're done here.
- Huh?
- It's me. Don't be afraid.
Meral keeps screaming.
Her ghost is back again.
And she's snoring.
She keeps going to the bathroom.
She has an upset tummy.
Get your arm off me.
You always pull the same trick.
I'll just leave.
Okay, tell me something.
Why are we going to Okaliptus tomorrow?
Is it about Mutena?
Yes, and if that's all, move your leg off.
We'd better put some concealer on those.
Does it hurt?
Sadık, shall we make up?
Okay, I'm leaving.
All right. I'll just go to sleep.
DAY 4
In two hours, we'll send you notes
for the promotional campaign
for the Köseoğlu Group and Ms. Gülhan.
- Amazing. Thank you.
- Thank you.
- Have a nice day.
- You too.
The exit is this way.
Pınar, we were supposed to see Mr. Şinasi,
but it must have slipped our minds.
Is he in?
Mr. Şinasi is in the real estate,
I mean, land development department.
- Do you have an appointment?
- No.
I'm Öcal Kara, overseeing
the Köseoğlu Group's new hospital project.
We thought we'd see him
while we were here.
You know, the pandemic. Less contact.
Where is his office?
- On the left. You may go in.
- Thanks.
OKALİPTUS AGENCY
WE MAKE PROGRESS
Yes? Who are you looking for?
For the first turning point.
Whoa. Don't you dare to touch that.
What do you think is in my right pocket?
Sit back down.
There's an Internet influencer
called Burn This World.
We're assistants to her agents,
handling debt collection.
Oh, this?
Some meetings get difficult,
like yesterday's.
Today those guys are in the ICU,
fighting for their lives.
Yeah, okay.
Okay, stand by.
She took 10,000 dollars from you
and disappeared paying us our cut.
Here's my theory. One,
the girl comes to you and does her dance,
you refuse to pay her
after the performance
and then you…
- What?
- Sit down!
Two, you two split the money.
Either way, we're after our due, okay?
If this meeting doesn't go well,
we'll take this to Ms. Neşe.
Ms. Neşe? No!
There's a big mix-up here. Listen…
We were just acting as the middleman
for a reputable client.
We met that Burn woman only once, I swear.
Look, there was no money exchanged.
You were the middleman
for what reputable client?
That's English, right?
Who are they?
Mr. Kutsi.
Kutsi Atak.
One of our biggest clients.
General Secretary of Zincirli Holdings.
The way you talked was unbelievable!
He was scared to death. Even I was scared.
Which stage are we at in the plot?
We're past the first plot twist.
We're close to
the first inciting incident.
- Does this story ever get a bit erotic?
- What?
You are all crazy.
- You, Meral, Hüso.
- Madness is better than treachery.
I wish I had let those men
tear out your tongue and feed it to you.
You don't say.
Got it, yeah. Okay, see you then.
Zeynel went to the police.
The guy that beat me up, Şermin's husband,
turns out he didn't report me,
it was someone anonymous.
And Şermin's husband is a realtor.
Zeynel told me to talk to the cops.
Maybe it'll help.
Chief, I'm starving.
When will we eat though?
Who was he? Kutsi Atak?
You were to check him. So?
Remember the company
that built skyscrapers in the forest
and sold all of them to the Arabs?
He is a boss there. I searched him.
Doesn't seem the type
to hang out with a belly dancer.
He's a family man.
He shares family photos
all over his social media accounts.
He's a philatelist.
Don't dare ask me who "Phil" is, though!
The guy is a stamp collector.
An expert. He has a blog.
In short, Kutsi only has eyes
for his stamps and his family.
And I only have sore eyes. Give me that.
Okay. Find out which stamps
are the most coveted in Türkiye.
Here.
Just take it.
I told them it was okay,
and I wouldn't press charges.
I don't know what else to say.
You know what the captain says?
"I don't want any trouble
with prominent businessmen."
Since when are realtors called
"businessmen"? I don't get it.
- Did you find anything?
- I wrote to his blog.
I said, "I have two stamps
with Ottoman seals."
- "How much are they worth?"
- Yeah, good.
Let's go.
They're not here. At least we tried.
SITKI REAL ESTATE
If you're considering a house or a plot,
both are good investments.
This neighborhood'll
be crawling with tourists soon.
Isn't there a construction ban?
If you say, "I'll build the exact replica
of the burned properties," all is good.
Ah.
We are just looking for Mr. Sıtkı.
Abdullah Ketenci.
I am the mukhtar here.
It's our duty to tell the truth.
Sitki is not the most trustworthy realtor.
They just called him
a respected businessman in the station.
No, sir. Sıtkı and his nephews
make a scene every day.
He's unstable.
Always disturbing the peace.
All because of that hot wife of his.
Drove him mad with jealousy.
Anyway, sir, I can
help you with your investment.
I can show you a few places.
If you can't reach me,
call the number on the back.
- Have a good day.
- You too.
I got word from Gülhan
that Buket's sister passed away.
I texted our condolences.
Filiz.
All right, Mr. Kutsi. See you then.
That was Kutsi.
He wants to see my stamps
before I sell them online.
Says he can help with pricing.
Inviting me to the office.
Everyone takes the bait
if it's what they love.
Not in his office, though We need privacy.
Tell me, Chief, why are we
messing with this Phil guy anyway?
It's literary purposes, buddy.
It's going to help develop the plot.
I'm here at the place
we agreed upon. Okay.
Hi.
- What are you doing, man?
- Shush!
Drive.
- Move it.
- Okay.
- Move it!
I swear I only saw her once.
Once! And that was in
the room to give her money.
I have nothing to do with the dancing.
- Who did she dance for, man?
- Hey!
- Mr. Öner.
- Who is Mr. Öner?
The manager, the zoning manager.
He asked specifically for your dancer.
From Mr. Yüksel. Yüksel Zincirli.
He's our CEO. He sent her.
Öner requested your dancer from him.
So this Mr. Öner has big balls
if he's asking the CEO
of a big company to pimp for him.
There was a Mega Towers project.
You may have heard about it.
There are setbacks in implementation.
Solving it depends on Öner's approval.
If the towers are mega,
the money must be mega too.
Can't be just 5,000 dollars.
- Plus 500,000 dollars.
- What?
Boss, look what I found in the back.
Well done.
Now, my security chiefs
will take your statement.
They'll record it.
You'll tell them everything.
Understood?
Here's Kutsi's computer.
Transfer his confessions on the phone
to the computer as well.
He told us everything.
He spilled all the company's dirty deeds.
Ms. Gülhan texted.
"I'm so sad. Luckily, I have Bugül.
I console myself with her. Thanks. Gül."
I texted her, but she replied to you.
Who is Bugül anyway?
Sounds like a nickname.
I don't know. Stop questioning everything.
I'm the curious man here.
Sadık, are you going to keep being rude?
Maybe we shouldn't talk for a while.
Actually, yeah!
From now on, we're not talking.
Adil!
Listen to this.
Thinking of you is beautiful
It is hopeful
Thinking of you is like listening
To the most beautiful song
From the most beautiful voice in the world
And…
My memory is betraying me!
I can't memorize more than four lines.
What am I going to do now?
Adil, please, you have to help me, dear.
Oh!
I forgot to tell you!
I read an article on the Internet today.
The new symptoms of COVID
now include memory loss.
You have diarrhea too?
- What will happen now?
- Now, we'll quarantine you for 14 days.
- 14 days?
- Yeah, 14 days.
You'll go to your room.
For 14 days, we'll cut off all contact.
What if I have to use the bathroom
while you're at home?
Right, well…
How about this?
When you feel the need,
you just holler "Yoo-hoo," okay?
- Yoo-hoo?
- We'll go to our rooms.
When you're done,
just say yoo-hoo again,
we'll go back to living our normal lives.
- Yoo-hoo.
- Yes, don't forget that. Yoo-hoo.
Thanks, Adil.
- Don't forget. Yoo-hoo.
- Yoo-hoo.
I thought we weren't talking.
But you're dressed
to talk about something.
Poetry is my weakness.
It makes my anger fade away.
Even if you’re bad, or curious, or rude…
I still love you.
If you hadn't come, I would've gone
back to Eskişehir after the exams.
Doesn't mean we made up.
Bro, we were asleep,
and at dawn we heard a "Woof, woof."
We opened the door and there it was
with a pack of mutts behind it.
We felt sorry for it and took it in.
But that's not the reason…
DAY 5
…we bothered you this early.
- Then why did you bother us?
- Hüso heard some news at the grocer's.
Sıtkı, the realtor guy…
- He's been killed.
- What?
What are we going to do now?
I confessed to the police
I had a grudge against him.
Now the guy is dead.
There's more bad news.
What is it?
Sıtkı was not alone.
His wife was with him. She was killed too.
- What? Şermin's dead too?
- I'm afraid so.
- And one more thing.
- Now what?
The cops are looking for you.
You're the prime suspect.
And they…
have photos.
Hüso, just tell him!
Şermin and the Chief… Photos… Your home…
- What photos? Speak!
- Of Şermin, in your bedroom…
Excuse me, Pinar.
- Totally naked--
- What the hell?
Sir, Sıtkı was a shady man.
Remember those house fires?
He had something to do with them.
He also has nephews.
And his nephews are after you.
So that's the summary.
What's he saying?
Why was Şermin naked in your place?
I don't know. Photo… My house…
How's that possible?
Yoo-hoo, Meral!
Şermin came to visit you
at the house in Balat, right?
You sat and had drinks with her.
Uh-huh.
How much did you drink?
I don't know…
Don't remember. I think I fell asleep.
She fell asleep.
- Here's what happened.
- Yes.
This Şermin and someone,
let's call him Mr. X for now,
they decide to kill Sıtkı, okay?
This Şermin and Mr. X
are probably lovers or partners.
While I'm out, they knock on Meral's door.
Meral lets Şermin in.
They have a friendly chat, have drinks.
Once Meral dozes off,
Şermin sneaks Mr. X in.
They take some photos in the bedroom.
Mr. X, the photographer, is the killer.
I don't know why he killed Şermin.
Şermin is dead?
Chief, how are we going
to find this Mr. X though?
Thank you for coming.
We buried her yesterday.
Only four people showed up.
Due to the pandemic.
She was diagnosed after Buket went abroad.
Breast, uterus, even the lungs.
Maybe we could've fought those,
but the pancreas…
Buket doesn't know?
She knows. But couldn't come.
Where is she?
In the US, I guess. We sometimes text.
No. I've quit… being cold,
counting, alcohol, drugs and all that.
I've been needing it lately.
Bugül only belongs to me now.
- Shall I call Buket--
- No.
Nothing's changed.
I can manage without her.
You'll have to adopt Bugül.
Does she have any family besides Buket?
- How's it going to work?
- I don't know.
But we'll manage somehow.
I told the lawyers, "Solve it or resign."
Well…
I'd better run, got things to do.
Call me anytime.
And again, my condolences.
Thank you.
Admit it. Şermin was
better than you at building fiction.
No, her plot is weak.
See, she failed to end her story.
As Hüso says, how are we
going to find Mr. X, Chief?
- She's getting away.
- No, she'll be fine.
Come here. Come.
See, she's here.
She always finds her owner. Good girl!
I wonder,
if we go back to the neighborhood
and release her there
she'll find her home?
Sure, she will.
- What just happened?
- Hurry up.
What? Come.
The second plot twist
in the second mystery is near.
Şermin is no match for me.
I found a way to catch Mr. X.
- Hey, move.
- Look at us.
Not here either? Look left and right.
Look here, Çiko!
- Shoo!
- Move it.
DAY 6
- Move!
Move!
Yes, Zeynel?
We brought the mutt to the intersection.
It's just standing there.
Then it's not that street.
Okay, you keep doing what you're doing
on all the other intersections.
- Okay, bro.
- Bye.
You think Çiko can find X?
If the plot is built right, yes.
CALLING
ÖNER
Watch and learn.
- Hello.
- Good day, Öner.
You can hang up
or even call other people for all I care,
but it's no use.
You see the account information I sent?
Right.
We don't want to do you
any harm here, nor your company.
We're waiting for you
outside your building now.
If you don't come down,
or there's any reason we can't meet,
we'll give all that information
to the press. Understand?
You'll read all about it in the papers.
Yes.
I'm coming down. How will I know you?
Just come down.
You'll see a very pretty young woman
in front of the building.
You'll know it's her.
She'll bring you to me.
Be careful.
Where are we going?
Hi, Öner.
Now, take off your jacket,
then turn around,
and keep your hands behind your back.
Who are you? I didn't do anything.
We'll discuss all that later.
There's a good spot. Over there, yeah.
Yes, Mr. Öner.
We know what
you've been up to with Zincirli Holdings.
The bribes you've taken,
where you hid the money…
We know every single account number.
I'll ask you something.
And you'd better give me
a straight answer because
my finger is getting sore,
and if there's a cramp… You know?
The girl in the photo I sent you,
Burn This World,
where is she?
What did you do to her?
Nothing.
She took the money, I never saw her again.
- How much?
- A hundred thousand.
A hundred grand?
Who is she, Helen of Troy?
Did she blackmail you?
- She stole my computer.
- So you killed her.
I swear I saw that girl two times!
The day she danced
and the day she took the money from me.
- What's the passcode?
- Passcode?
31-07-81.
Your date of birth?
Idiot.
He shared his live location.
"Found you. I'll be there in five."
Who the fuck is coming? Who is it?
- Your bodyguard?
- Uh-huh.
- Is he armed?
Sit down.
Tie his feet.
You got a mask?
Are you done?
Stop!
No.
He was coming towards you.
Go to the car.
Come on.
Where's the computer
you took from the girl?
Huh?
Right.
At home.
Sadık, are you crazy? Get in!
Just a minute.
Get in! Let's get out of here!
Nice place.
On a civil servant's salary?
Or was it a gift from
one of those reputable friends?
Pull the car up to the place.
Go on.
All right, Mr. Öner. Speak.
What do you want from me?
I want an answer from you.
What did you do to Burn This World?
I swear, it's like I told you.
I only saw her twice. That's it.
What's in this computer?
Some kind of treasure?
Private stuff.
- Private stuff?
- Uh-huh.
Private stuff worth 100,000 dollars?
- That's why you killed her?
- No!
I swear I did no such thing.
When she brought the computer back,
someone hopping like a bunny
grabbed the money from me.
I was confused.
And the rest of the 500,000
you got from Zincirli?
In the safe in the closet.
- What's the combination of the safe?
- 6936.
What's the passcode?
75-42-75-42.
DTS.PLAY BOX
Let me go!
- Let go!
- Don't yell!
Let go!
Help!
You scumbag.
Speak.
Listen, that girl…
was obviously headed for that path.
Let me go.
I can be of use to you, to your agency.
Money, jobs.
Be rational.
- Good idea. I'll be rational.
- Uh-huh.
Good.
I mean, you make a good point.
- Do you have a cigarette?
- In the bag.
You've been silent for half an hour.
What happened?
We added the second plot twist
in the first mystery.
What did you do to him?
He asked me to be rational,
and I was.
God, I'm going crazy!
This is where
your literary curiosity led us to!
Look at us!
Deniz Gökyaylı. She's the guilty one.
Who the hell is that?
An editor who brought up
the curiosity element.
You're definitely bad.
Yes, Zeynel?
Our mutt stopped at a door.
Some guy let it in.
I bet they know each other.
We're staking the place out.
We'll deal with him if he comes out.
No, don't do anything.
You just keep watching.
We'll deal with that tomorrow, okay?
If you say so. All right, bro.
Keep an eye on the bag.
There's money and a computer in it. Bye.
Why didn't you tell me everything?
You stole money from a guy called Öner.
The one who took the money
was hopping like you.
So you were really looking for her.
Who told you this? Was it Muti, bro?
No, the man you blackmailed. Öner.
Where's Muti?
I have no idea where Muti is.
She was pissed at me.
I wouldn't let her spend the money.
I hid it.
So Muti steals from Öner,
and you from her?
Stealing what, bro?
She found a secondhand
piece-of-shit sports car
and insisted on buying it.
So we had a fight.
We were supposed to move to Kaş.
We promised each other.
When I didn't give her the money,
she said she knew
another way to get money and left.
Do you know why this leg is messed up?
Muti was about ten years old.
Two big boys cornered her
in a construction site.
You know, for that kind of thing.
They were roughing her up
when I got there.
I dove at them from behind.
Just like Fernando Muslera.
All three of us fell over the edge.
I broke my leg.
But one of those assholes
had a fractured backbone.
He was bedridden for a year.
The other one cracked his skull.
He's still an idiot.
And I'm still crippled.
Where the hell is that girl?
Any idea where we can find her?
I searched every nook and cranny.
What if Öner found her?
No, he can't.
He had an accident.
Okay, but really, man,
why are you looking for my girl?
Because of literary and dramatic concerns.
Don't you see how interesting
Mutena's story turned out to be?
I may write about it.
Bro, trust me, if Muti says, "Here I am,"
I'll give her the money instantly.
She can spend all the money
on that stupid sports car for all I care.
But if somebody has hurt her,
I swear I'll kill them.
If someone has laid a hand on her,
leave them to me, okay?
DAY 7
"Second street past the fountain.
No. 12. The mutt's there."
Okay, good.
Hello? Is this Mukhtar Abdullah Ketenci?
This is Murtaza calling from Eskişehir.
We own a chain
of boutique hotels in Eskişehir.
We recently conducted a field survey
and found there were some
promising properties in your neighborhood.
In fact, my team
has found a building they like.
I'll give you an address--
Can I call you back in a bit?
- What happened?
- I saw the videos.
That sick fuck!
People like him don't deserve to live…
Okay, I understand.
You were right to do what you did.
Come here. Okay.
- Did you take care of the other thing?
- I did.
I put all of Öner's emails
with Yüksel Zincirli in a folder.
Remember those mega towers on TV
touted as the investment of the century?
The piece of land
they are building those towers on
is officially deemed
as protected woodland.
If Öner's department does not object to
the new environmental report and zoning,
the project will become
suitable for investment.
Douchebags.
Hey, I'm really feeling down.
Can we go out for breakfast?
- Alone.
- Sure.
Can you help me cover this up?
- Don't want it to look bad in public.
- I'll take care of it.
Chief? Your guy just came out.
Okay. The man's name is Nedim Kıtıl.
He's a strip club photographer.
Chief, do you have
some kind of psychic powers?
The guy's holding a camera right now.
There's a birdie in Balat.
The Mukhtar bird. He told me.
Okay, be careful. Bye.
The problem…
is still the first mystery.
When Metelik stashed the money,
Mutena disappeared,
saying she knew where to find more money.
The question is,
from whom did she get
the money to buy the expensive car?
- Yüksel Zincirli?
- Correct.
Yeah, but how will we interrogate him?
He's nothing like Kutsi or Öner.
We can't grab him off the street.
I bet he lives in a fortress.
What if we leak the emails
between him and Öner?
When the cleaner arrives tomorrow,
there'll be a ruckus.
Then, Yüksel will come out of his hole.
You can't hunt prey in its lair.
Bro.
That's Nedim there,
the photographer with the beard.
He met with the others.
They talked as if they were in a fight.
Sıtkı's nephews.
Those are the guys who beat me up.
We have 350,000 dollars from yesterday.
You'll take that, okay?
Won't cover all the damage Meral did,
but at least it's a start.
Bro, we talked about money.
Don't embarrass us.
I killed two men yesterday.
We get it, Chief.
No worries, bro.
He's here.
- House is clear.
- Thanks.
Wow, look at that.
What the hell is this? What is this? Huh?
Well, Mr. Nedim…
Let's cut to the chase.
Was Sıtkı killed for money,
or was it because Şermin's affair
with his nephew Burak was exposed?
What affair?
There was no affair, there wasn't.
She only loved me.
We've been together since the club days.
- She married just to get out of there.
- By "together," you mean what?
We were side by side.
I went wherever she went.
So what happened here, Nedim? Tell me.
Sıtkı beat her a lot.
Day in and day out,
he beat both Şermin and Çiko.
She couldn't take it anymore.
I told her many times,
"Let me kill that guy."
She wouldn't let me.
She said, "I can't live without you.
You're my only friend."
She loved me in her own way.
Very much.
Okay.
You loved her, she loved you.
We get it, you didn't kill her.
But someone killed Sıtkı. Who?
- Burak. Burak killed him.
- The nephew?
That bastard was obsessed
from the moment they met.
It only took three days
for her to get in his head.
She gave him the idea.
Idea?
Burak promised he would kill him
so they could be together.
But at the last minute,
he said he couldn't. He got scared.
He didn't want to kill his uncle.
When he flaked out, it was up to me.
Oh, so you guys decided
to pin the murder on me, right?
Why me?
You were a loser.
You had no relationship with anyone,
you were alone.
I left Çiko on the doorstep.
Then Şermin dropped by,
befriended that woman, went inside.
She got her drunk.
And when she passed out,
we took the photos.
Şermin was going to go on a trip,
and I was going to kill Sıtkı.
But just as we planned everything,
rumors started.
I guess Sıtkı found out
about Şermin and Burak.
He killed my love.
I guess he wanted to kill Burak too.
He asked him to come over,
but Burak came armed.
He acted fast. He shot Sıtkı.
My guys saw you talking to Burak.
They said it was a heated argument.
What did you do? Blackmail him?
They burned down houses on the block.
They made a ton of money.
- How much?
- 300,000.
What did you blackmail him with?
I ran there when I heard gunshots.
I took his photo.
Good job, Nedim.
These are great shots.
Zeynel, take his phone.
So, tell me, Nedim,
when will Burak bring the money?
Chief, he's here. Parking the car.
Let's go.
Fuck.
Hüso, it is not Burak.
- You take him. I'll get the back door.
- Okay, go.
Wait.
What the hell? Who are you? Where's Nedim?
Shut the fuck up!
Shut your mouth! Shut it!
- This bag is empty. Empty!
- What?
Looking for someone, you son of a bitch?
Drop your gun! Drop it!
Move over here. Are you guys idiots?
Did you think we'd fall into your lap?
- So you've got a secret entrance there?
- Exactly.
For when I came here to fuck Şermin,
to avoid being seen
by the neighbors, you know…
- What did you do to Saldıray?
- Nothing. We just broke his arm.
You assholes.
If anything happens to him,
I'll fuck you up.
Where's Nedim?
- I'd worry about Zeynel, not Nedim.
- Who the fuck is Zeynel?
My arm!
Did you kill Sıtkı with this gun?
- We have your photos with Şermin.
- Son of a bitch!
And we recorded Nedim's confession,
so that's all the evidence we need.
- The cops will handle the rest.
- I'll fuck you up!
The second mystery is solved.
SUSPICIOUS ZONING MURDERS
FIRST HIS BODYGUARD, THEN HIM
DAY 8
Mr. Murtaza, this is Abdullah Ketenci,
the mukhtar in Balat.
Yes, Mr. Mukhtar.
The owner of the building
you were asking about, Nedim Kıtıl,
turns out he's been involved with a gang.
Oh!
The same gang that killed
realtor Sıtkı and his wife.
- What're you saying?
- You dodged a bullet there.
But I can suggest other lots
for your hotel investment.
Okay, let me speak with my people,
and we'll call you back.
Let's talk next week.
I'm going out of town for a few days.
Got it, Mr. Mukhtar, you'll be away.
We'll meet next week.
- We'll call you back. Bye.
- Bye.
Our Zincirli leak exploded.
See, they also made
the connection to the murder of Öner.
But Yüksel Zincirli is missing.
Let's see.
Kutsi, what's up?
This is your friend, the agent.
How are your kids?
- Please don't.
- Don't worry. Everything's fine.
We need some information from you.
Where is this Yüksel?
I don't know, Mr. Agent.
Nobody knows, I swear.
Kutsi, tell your wife
to be extra cautious
when leaving home today.
God forbid she has an accident.
The cops went to his ranch.
And he's not at his father's.
Okay, stop crying.
Does this prick have a girlfriend?
Speak, damn it!
Look, I'll come to your house
and be your worst nightmare.
No, I'll send you her contact information.
And her photo.
That's it, okay. Nice. Good job.
Say hi to your wife. Bye.
That was convincing, but don't you think
you're talking too much?
You're too chatty.
- We're vigilantes, girl.
- What, Chief?
Vigilantes. It means
taking the law into your own hands.
- Oh. So you're saying we're the law.
- Kind of.
I like that!
Come on, Çiko, go on!
GÜLHAN KÖSEOĞLU
MY PLACE, TOMORROW EVENING
I'll go check it out.
Kordela? What kind of a name is that?
DAY 9
For me, it's even weirder than Mutena.
Şermin was good. May she rest in peace.
Chief, someone's coming out.
It's her.
I know you'll get mad at me,
but I'm starving.
We'll wait a bit.
I wonder if there are
any sausages in those bags.
Get her!
Easy!
Get in.
Police!
Hey! What's happening?
We are detaining you
for aiding and abetting a murder suspect.
Cuff her.
Answer my questions or you'll face
an obstruction of justice charge too.
Is the suspect inside?
Is he alone? Is he armed?
Wait a minute.
You don't have any badges.
You're not cops!
Let me go!
Kordela Çetin.
We are not cops, which means
we can easily hurt you and your family.
What if the cops learned about
what happened here?
Or your husband?
He's alone, doesn't have a gun.
Nice. Gag her.
Why the gag? I told you already! Why--
All right, let's see
what your lover has ordered.
Two bottles of Scotch.
Hey, Hüso, tough luck, man.
No sausages. No food at all.
Passcode for the exterior door, 8943.
Passcode for the main door, 46983.
Zeynel, come on, let's go.
46983.
- Peace be with you.
- Who are you?
- Calm down.
- Easy.
Sit down.
Who are you? What do you want?
We are agents.
With a focus on collections.
There is this dancer girl,
she owes us some commission.
Her name is Mutena, AKA "Burn This World."
- You are not cops, right?
- No.
Good. What is your name?
Öcal Vigilante.
Can't recall that last name.
Why would I deal with dancers?
There's a mistake.
She's the one blackmailing you
with the emails Öner got.
Öner…
Did you kill him?
Like you, he didn't tell the truth
during his interrogation.
Where is she?
Did you kill her during the delivery?
- No. No.
- Hey!
My guys missed her.
- She distracted one, a guy sprayed gas--
- Tell the truth!
I don't know where she is
or the weird guy who took the bag.
Same scenario again.
Weird guy. Weird how?
Hops like a bunny? Bouncing up and down?
I don't know about the hopping,
but he had a weird muffled laugh.
He mocked my guys.
Listen, if it's about money,
we can take care of it.
It just doesn't work.
Someone hopping like a rabbit,
a funny laugh guy.
I thought I had the entire plot
and the mystery solved,
but you added another plot twist.
You're a huge disappointment.
I repeat, we can
take care of your commission.
What's the passcode?
- Give me the passcode!
- 153864.
Listen, inside my safe
is more money than you'd ever dream of.
The passcode is those first four digits.
If it's something else,
we'll take care of that too.
I can offer you something that nobody can.
A virus test.
And immune plasma therapy.
I have the blood with antibodies in stock.
It can beat COVID or anything.
You can't find it even for millions.
See. That's it.
Mr. We'll-Take-Care-of-It.
Yüksel.
I hate people like you. Seriously.
You make me sick.
"We'll take care of it."
There's a protected forest.
“We'll take care of the zoning permit.”
There's a COVID outbreak.
"Let the poor squirm and die."
"We've got blood with antibodies.
We'll take care of it."
Take care of this and that…
I've got an issue with my plot,
can you take care of that?
"We'll take care of it" means what?
Is it how the rich say, "I'm untouchable"?
Who are you? What are you saying?
Yüksel, I'm a man of fiction.
The pain can be considerable,
but no man of fiction
could resist a dramatic end like this.
I've always been
a sucker for a tragic ending.
No!
Bro…
Fuck.
Bro, what did you do?
See?
He couldn't take care of it.
Are you done?
Go to Hüso. I'll write a suicide note.
For your father.
If you shout, I'll gag you again.
He'll make you pay.
Your boyfriend killed himself.
With the gun he killed Öner with.
I guess the murders, this bribe scandal,
and the shame was too much for him.
Here.
Do you know what's in this?
One of those glasses
you clinked in a toast.
Your lipstick's on it. Yeah.
And a pair of panties.
We did you another favor
and deleted all the love messages
on Yüksel's phone.
I guess these are tears of joy.
As for Yüksel,
you don't strike me
as a woman to cry over a man.
Forget everything that happened today
between 10:45 a.m. and 2:45 p.m. Okay?
Will you untie my hands?
I need to fix my face.
That was quick.
Split this between yourselves.
I won't take no for an answer.
This hardly covers your loss.
Just spare some for Meral as well, okay?
But not too much.
- So what's new?
- Don't be evasive.
Will you kill someone tomorrow too?
What the hell? It's like one murder a day.
- Sadık? Are you okay?
- I am.
Let's make tomorrow
your last smoking day, all right?
Was that wheeze a laugh?
People think it was a COVID cough.
The cough.
- Who are you?
- Ahmet.
He had a weird muffled laugh.
He mocked my guys.
Of course.
She knows him. She found him.
Who else could it be? Of course.
- Who found whom? What happened?
- I solved it thanks to you.
You are my muse.
- What am I your muse for?
- Here, I'll tell you.
Here's how the first mystery…
- Welcome.
- Thank you.
- Let's go out back.
- Sure.
- You want something?
- No.
Money fixes everything.
Tomorrow, we'll be
running ads in all the papers,
and this outrageous campaign will be over.
Thank God.
But the damage is done.
I can't adopt Bugül now.
A single woman
who became the object of such rumors…
I think I'll take my lawyers' advice.
Which is?
Would you like to marry me?
I mean, it's only for a while.
Until I adopt Bugül.
I get it. Why me?
You're dependable.
Buket trusted you. And she was right.
You kept our secret.
Don't answer right away.
Think about it for a while.
Then we will talk again.
Besides…
- l can--
- No, no way. I can't accept that.
You should already know
I'd never think you'd accept my money.
Though, I also know
that everyone has a price.
Your price is Pınar.
So, if I were to buy you,
it would include her.
What if I guarantee her education
and promise a bright future
for her at the Köseoğlu Group?
And another perk as well.
That apartment you're living in…
it's yours.
It will only be a few years.
You can keep writing there
until we get divorced.
Would you like to see Bugül?
No.
Little girls always make me cry.
I'll think about it.
DAY 10
Remember the mukhtar we met in Balat?
- Uh-huh.
- The guy who was a part-time realtor.
I need you to call him.
Tell him you're calling
for Mr. Murtaza from Eskişehir.
Murtaza is me, by the way.
Say, "He spoke with you earlier."
"We want to see suitable properties
for boutique hotels."
- But ask him for today. It's important.
- Okay.
And he'll tell you,
"I'm out of town. Talk to my assistant."
That's Ahmet,
but don't let him know that you know.
- Make an appointment with him.
- Okay.
- Sadık?
- Hmm?
No killing on the schedule today, right?
Promise me.
I promise.
RENOWNED BUSINESSMAN
FOUND DEAD IN HIS HIDEOUT
Hi, Öcal.
You drive. I'll be in the backseat.
- What is it, bro? Did you find Muti?
- We'll see.
Bro, what is it that you really do?
You said something about writing…
That's true, I deal in fiction.
Like, different scenarios.
Oh, for TV shows, bro?
The cough is my asthma,
not COVID. Welcome.
It's okay, get in the other side.
Mr. Murtaza.
Take a right at the alley
next to the Balat Mosque--
Go to Surdibi. Drive.
I know how a cough
can be confused with laughter sometimes.
Listen, I'll ask this once.
Muti, Mutena,
Burn This World, your neighbor upstairs,
where is she?
I know you kept the money
you stole from Yüksel Zincirli.
The men heard you wheezing
and thought you were laughing.
What did you do? Did you kill her?
Wait a minute.
Do you miss me already?
Something weird just happened.
Ms. Gülhan called
and invited us both to dinner.
I mean, isn't that weird? Hello?
Aren't you surprised?
I told her I'd ask you. At eight--
I'm very surprised too.
Eight o'clock is fine.
Okay, don't be late. What are you doing?
I'm a little bit busy.
- I'm about to kill someone.
- You maniac.
Okay, see you.
Speak.
Bro, we're stuck in traffic.
Text me your location.
And put the phone in your pocket
without hanging up. We'll keep listening.
Okay, see you.
Here.
There's only Mutena in there, right?
Don't fucking move! Hands up!
Take his gun.
I said hands up!
Come here.
Come.
Come on. Get inside. Move.
Wow.
Clever.
Someone knocks on a door,
and you come out the other one.
Move. Come on. Get over there.
Sit right there.
Sit down.
- Who are they? Why did you bring them?
- They trapped me.
Where are you looking at?
I'm trying to see if Mutena's here.
Who the fuck are you?
Today, I'm going by the name Ziya,
but it's Öcal Vigilante.
Are you a foreigner?
Who the fuck sent you?
Deniz Gökyaylı.
She's my editor.
She said my plot was weak.
I had to add some mystery
and elements of curiosity, so here I am.
Is he crazy or what?
Ziya… Öcal is in TV show business,
a fiction guy.
What is your name?
Wow, Mr. Vigi, you have balls.
Looking into my eyes while talking to me.
Let's say I'm Kerim for today.
Maybe I'll make it into a show.
Sure.
Scene one, abandoned house.
Interior, day.
Characters, Vigilante, Metelik, Ahmet.
Our heroes slowly climb the stairs.
They knock on the door
of room number three.
No one answers.
Then suddenly, from behind,
they hear someone yelling, "Don't move!"
Shut up!
They turn around,
they see this armed man named Kerim.
Stop yelling!
Scene two, it turns out
the two apartments are joined.
- Their doors are facing each other.
- The building's empty. Shout all you want.
I'm not going to ask again.
Who are you, and how did you find Ahmet?
Don't ask me, ask Ahmet.
We didn't force him to do anything.
He sold you out!
If you'd opened that door,
you'd be sitting here.
Sacit, bro, I swear he's lying.
- Wasn't it real estate business?
- It was.
Put the gun to their heads.
Shoot if any of them moves.
He's gonna kill you too.
Hey!
Bro, you got this, I'll go check Hüso.
Metelik, come here!
Sit on him, don't let him move.
It stinks in here.
I bet there's COVID in here, Chief.
- Where's the guy?
- Here. I shot him in the leg.
I have to tell you, Chief,
you're a great strategist.
You drew us a map
by shouting over the phone.
What happened to your ear?
- What took you so long?
- Don't even ask.
We were handling two guys
that were following you,
to protect that limping guy
with you, you know?
We took care of them.
They're from Malatya.
Probably sped the 1,000 km home already.
You're getting too chatty.
Shut the fuck up!
Get out of here!
- I'm not giving you any money, bastard!
- What the hell?
- Son of a bitch! Move!
- What the hell? Don't hit me!
- You'll give that money!
- Get out!
Get out!
- Don't hit me, don't!
- Go!
Mutena didn't give you your cut,
and she beat you up pretty badly.
So you asked Sacit to help get the money.
I got you now.
Let go of me! Let go!
How do you know Sacit?
He's one of Sıtkı's guys.
- The one burning down the houses.
- So he's an arsonist.
Okay, let's get to the real question.
Where's Mutena?
Where is she?
Chief!
You watch him.
How long?
Five or six days.
Let go of me!
Let go!
Don't yell!
Stop squirming.
You can shout all you want.
I'm late.
Hüso.
You said if anyone touches Mutena,
they'd have to answer to you.
You two were supposed
to move to Kaş, right?
That bastard…
has erased Kaş off the map for you.
Go on.
Bro, I found the money
they snatched from Yüksel.
Since Kerim the arsonist is occupied…
You know how you'll die, rat?
Choking on your own cough.
My name is Muslera now.
Please don't! No!
Please don't! Don't burn me!
Don't burn me! Please!
So ends the first mystery,
the story of Burn This World.
Why do you think Ms. Gülhan's invited us?
To her home, of all places. For dinner.
She wants to know my answer.
She asked me to marry her.
- What?
- What the hell?
What are you talking about?
Stop grinning and speak!
What marriage proposal?
You know what?
On second thought, this is not a bad plan.
One, you are very trustworthy.
You'll get a divorce
once the adoption process is complete.
Two, no matter
the clauses in the agreement,
who's to say this temporary husband
won't blackmail them?
Maybe he won't give up custody of Bugül.
Very risky business.
Yeah.
It's a pretty great plan.
What is your point?
This could turn out to be
a win-win deal both for Gülhan and us.
- Such a charlatan.
- Think about it.
The flat we're living in will be ours.
We have a great view.
You can keep writing.
Gülhan will have you under her thumb
until I graduate from college.
An amazing plan.
How do I answer this?
You speak.
- Hüso, I'm listening.
- Chief.
They say we'll be
on lockdown for the weekend.
People are ransacking
the supermarket I'm at,
buying whatever food they can find.
I'm sending you a list.
I bought food for Çiko.
But check out the list
and tell me if we need anything else.
Do not laugh.
This place is literally a war zone.
It's getting hard to defend my spot.
Hurry up! We'll starve to death, damn it!
BASED ON THE NOVEL
"TEN DAYS OF A CURIOUS MAN"